[MRG] doc: draft v0.4 release notes, add missing api (#1027)
jonescompneurolab/hnn-core: doc/whats_new.md

- The `BatchSimulate` class: Thanks to [Abdul Samad Siddiqui][] and Google Summer of Code 2024 in particular, among others, there is now the capability to run "batches" of simulations across multiple parameter sets, enabling easy analysis and simulation of behavior across parameter sweeps. See our [example for more details](https://jonescompneurolab.github.io/hnn-core/dev/auto_examples/howto/plot_batch_simulate.html#sphx-glr-auto-examples-howto-plot-batch-simulate-py). Note that currently, only its `loky` backend is supported.

- Significant improvements to the API, documentation, and pedagogical examples [especially for Optimization](https://jonescompneurolab.github.io/hnn-core/stable/auto_examples/howto/optimize_evoked.html#sphx-glr-auto-examples-howto-optimize-evoked-py), among others.

> - Calcium concentration can now be recorded: recorded calcium concentration from the soma, as well
>   as all sections, are enabled by setting `record_ca` to `soma` or `all` in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Calcium concentration can now be recorded: recorded calcium concentration from either the soma,
  or all sections, are enabled by setting `record_ca` to `soma` or `all` in
```

  {func}`~hnn_core.simulate_dipole`. Recordings are accessed through
  {class}`~hnn_core.CellResponse.ca`.

- There is now a new class {class}`~hnn_core.viz.NetworkPlotter` which can be used to visualize an entire network in 3D, including firing animations; [see our example of how to use it here](https://jonescompneurolab.github.io/hnn-core/dev/auto_examples/howto/plot_hnn_animation.html#sphx-glr-auto-examples-howto-plot-hnn-animation-py).

> - There is now a new function {func}`~hnn_core.viz.plot_drive_strength` for illustrating the absolute or relative amount of strength that a particular drive has to different celltypes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is now a new function {func}`~hnn_core.viz.plot_drive_strength` for illustrating the absolute or relative amount of strength that a particular drive provides to different cell types.
```

(whats_new)=
# What's new?

## v0.4 Release Notes

v0.4 represents a major milestone in development of `hnn_core` and the HNN ecosystem as a whole. v0.4 includes over *two years* of active development work by many people (>800 commits!), and brings with it many new and exciting features, including significant improvements to robustness, testing, and bug-fixing.

### New Features

> - `hnn_core` now includes a fully-tested and robust GUI of its own. The `hnn_core` GUI was present as a prototype in v0.3, but it is now ready for production. New features and visual improvements will still be coming to it in the future, such as the ability to use optimization. See our new [Install page](https://jonescompneurolab.github.io/hnn-core/dev/install.html) for ways to install it, and we have already begun incorporating it into a new, fresh series of tutorials for our website revamp. If you have installed it, you can start the GUI using `hnn-gui` in your terminal/command prompt window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hnn_core` now includes a fully-tested and robust GUI of its own. The `hnn_core` GUI was present as a prototype in v0.3, but it is now ready for production. New features and visual improvements will still be coming to it in the future, such as the ability to use optimization. See our new [Install page](https://jonescompneurolab.github.io/hnn-core/dev/install.html) for ways to install it, and we have already begun incorporating it into a new, fresh series of tutorials for our upcoming revamp of the HNN website. If you have installed it, you can start the GUI using `hnn-gui` in your terminal/command prompt window.
```

> - The `BatchSimulate` class: Thanks to [Abdul Samad Siddiqui][] and Google Summer of Code 2024 in particular, among others, there is now the capability to run "batches" of simulations across multiple parameter sets, enabling easy analysis and simulation of behavior across parameter sweeps. See our [example for more details](https://jonescompneurolab.github.io/hnn-core/dev/auto_examples/howto/plot_batch_simulate.html#sphx-glr-auto-examples-howto-plot-batch-simulate-py). Note that currently, only its `loky` backend is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `BatchSimulate` class: Thanks to [Abdul Samad Siddiqui][] and Google Summer of Code 2024, there is now the capability to run "batches" of simulations across multiple parameter sets, enabling easy analysis and simulation of behavior across parameter sweeps. See our [example for more details](https://jonescompneurolab.github.io/hnn-core/dev/auto_examples/howto/plot_batch_simulate.html#sphx-glr-auto-examples-howto-plot-batch-simulate-py). Note that currently, only its `loky` backend is supported.
```

Reviewer: I think it's ok to keep it simple, I had to read the sentence a few times to understand it :smile:
